README.md, before:

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/R6R21LO82)

# Toasty
[![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-14%2B-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=14) [![](https://jitpack.io/v/GrenderG/Toasty.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#GrenderG/Toasty) [![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-Toasty-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/5102)

<div align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GrenderG/Toasty/master/art/web_hi_res_512.png" width="128">
</div>

The usual Toast, but with steroids.

## Prerequisites

Add this in your root `build.gradle` file (**not** your module `build.gradle` file):

```gradle
allprojects {
	repositories {
		...
		maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
	}
}
```

## Dependency

Add this to your module's `build.gradle` file (make sure the version matches the JitPack badge above):

```gradle
dependencies {
	...
	implementation 'com.github.GrenderG:Toasty:1.5.0'
}
```

## Configuration

This step is optional, but if you want you can configure some Toasty parameters. Place this anywhere in your app:

```java
Toasty.Config.getInstance()
    .tintIcon(boolean tintIcon) // optional (apply textColor also to the icon)
    .setToastTypeface(@NonNull Typeface typeface) // optional
    .setTextSize(int sizeInSp) // optional
    .allowQueue(boolean allowQueue) // optional (prevents several Toastys from queuing)
    .apply(); // required
```

You can reset the configuration by using `reset()` method:

```java
Toasty.Config.reset();
```

## Usage

Each method always returns a `Toast` object, so you can customize the Toast much more. **DON'T FORGET THE `show()` METHOD!**

To display an error Toast:

``` java
Toasty.error(yourContext, "This is an error toast.", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display a success Toast:

``` java
Toasty.success(yourContext, "Success!", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display an info Toast:

``` java
Toasty.info(yourContext, "Here is some info for you.", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display a warning Toast:

``` java
Toasty.warning(yourContext, "Beware of the dog.", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display the usual Toast:

``` java
Toasty.normal(yourContext, "Normal toast w/o icon").show();
```
To display the usual Toast with icon:

``` java
Toasty.normal(yourContext, "Normal toast w/ icon", yourIconDrawable).show();
```

You can also create your custom Toasts with the `custom()` method:
``` java
Toasty.custom(yourContext, "I'm a custom Toast", yourIconDrawable, tintColor, duration, withIcon, 
shouldTint).show();
```
### Extra
[You can pass formatted text to Toasty!](https://github.com/GrenderG/Toasty/blob/master/app/src/main/java/es/dmoral/toastysample/MainActivity.java#L98-L107)

**There are variants of each method, feel free to explore this library.**

## Screenshots

**Please click the image below to enlarge.**

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GrenderG/Toasty/master/art/collage.png">

## Third Party Bindings

### React Native
You may now use this library with [React Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) via this [module](https://github.com/prscX/react-native-toasty).

Apps using Toasty
--

Want to be here? Open an `issue` or make a `pull request`.

<table>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cheetatech.com.colorhub"><img src="https://archive.org/download/ic_launcher_colorhub/ic_launcher_colorhub.png" width="64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cheetatech.com.colorhub">ColorHub - Color Palette</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fa.daily.free"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/rXB22UBHujsK2uYpN-kAkVFBjTcnAp6ltSZYf9-LdYvRkM-kF-xtwPwR8kEInhludA=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fa.daily.free">Daily – News flipped around</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=es.jmoral.ozreader"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ISQPSPA__uWU4Csw4N0quI0IPi_WcWN0pY4PK86yljf39vaCObvohT9ak2ubQ7iLDQ=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=es.jmoral.ozreader">Oz! Comic Reader</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.impactor"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KxzCiu-csleONAW9kfAYBCaCe4iAnhyO1ziuKjKK_yEDE0xPQMfy_-sYVYkj4RBE-Srt=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.impactor">Impactor Unroot</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.fusemounter"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/7e0iTo60TJXz6U-zQl6pXcfgRCLifQaTp_DczwNA5ZSnrEssBwH6K0MU88gC9BzQlMY=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.fusemounter">Fusemounter</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thesrb.bluewords&referrer=utm_source%3Dgithub%26utm_medium%3Dtoasty%26utm_content%3Dlogo%26utm_campaign%3Dreadme"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/gdGrQHkHsfRAY9ivf8wt9vgaX9KPxpFHdFq5AXY_zw2P8Wat3KNstvf-BkNaKrNX8Qg=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thesrb.bluewords&referrer=utm_source%3Dgithub%26utm_medium%3Dtoasty%26utm_content%3Dname%26utm_campaign%3Dreadme">BlueWords</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.levionsoftware.instagram_map"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QL0QDLXBm9j2Y2An4MOZtlbI02yx_zuI7I3vMBM_mBO_BbimNKjBQeldQBBKo0P60Og=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.levionsoftware.instagram_map">Photo Map - Photo and Video Gallery</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sunshine.makilite"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/RL082J8D9AyVJdyoT8sN8Mb47LUJEn3ssvp8jgrke_K_sWAXgEl9F8tjudqDoL7y5A0=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sunshine.makilite">Maki for Facebook & Twitter</a></td>
	</tr>
		<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.KillerBLS.modpeide"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/nyB12hF6cPHBrm532qQQslvj-X-klmPlKuQ4Z0MYKDpt4sPVZmWYRZ_SShEfVcTmhg=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.KillerBLS.modpeide">ModPE IDE</a></td>
	</tr>
		<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stream.rocketnotes"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tYGJBG8mc7lwC0ZxQUxif2FVMFI8L8xRkPON0ytkWVPTI67ggkrgDl3JpRu9jW0W3sLJ=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stream.rocketnotes">Rocket Notes</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thirtydegreesray.openhub"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/XP-tvaGf-as9XMQ3kcUjohSZlSD7uyf_AcHsjq6jTI0chXWK1yQrnJJs2Y_Pvbe1FRQ=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thirtydegreesray.openhub">OpenHub for GitHub</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openhab.habdroid"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/RhinsfPN8qFHQDyPKssmiPl4P_-JJpw7GaQO4K7TVixMjrkZsPh0NPXlL2nJRrR4PAbw=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openhab.habdroid">openHAB</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
                <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.saarang.app"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/m683OsEgBAU15kdHOSsl-lckDPEa0bdsK2xvhq3Qs4vww-ueJnW8xY0xXfwfMV6dOyE=w64"/></a></td>
    		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.saarang.app">Saarang</a></td>
    	</tr>
    <tr>
                <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dizdarevic.kadcemibus"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/LFUKgzu8S1V8TSLg3aiFoA7dkfUYmQg6s8lVUSPJYEkv6564UKjaUKhYcqvFMyDbSas=w64"/></a></td>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dizdarevic.kadcemibus">Kad ce mi bus - red voznje</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katyayini.hidefiles"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/hq2dLHXjKoTonzE45uJKzkGfCUSSh0_IJZBnuRIyb8G_EbcpYT5_gPv942yrIKlyo12r=s64-rw"/></a></td>
        	<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katyayini.hidefiles">Hide Files</a></td>
        </tr>
    	<tr>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/nikothegreek/logviewer-for-openhab-app"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/a6RbPkJ.png"/></a></td>
        	<td><a href="https://github.com/nikothegreek/logviewer-for-openhab-app">LogViewer for openHAB</a></td>
        </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Added RTL support: For RTL languages icons should be on the right side. I've added a new optional config to set whether it's RTL or not ('isRTL'). • When 'isRTL' is set to true the toast icon will be shown on the right side. • When 'isRTL' is set to false the toast icon will be shown on the left side.

README.md, after:

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/R6R21LO82)

# Toasty
[![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-14%2B-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=14) [![](https://jitpack.io/v/GrenderG/Toasty.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#GrenderG/Toasty) [![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-Toasty-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/5102)

<div align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GrenderG/Toasty/master/art/web_hi_res_512.png" width="128">
</div>

The usual Toast, but with steroids.

## Prerequisites

Add this in your root `build.gradle` file (**not** your module `build.gradle` file):

```gradle
allprojects {
	repositories {
		...
		maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
	}
}
```

## Dependency

Add this to your module's `build.gradle` file (make sure the version matches the JitPack badge above):

```gradle
dependencies {
	...
	implementation 'com.github.GrenderG:Toasty:1.5.0'
}
```

## Configuration

This step is optional, but if you want you can configure some Toasty parameters. Place this anywhere in your app:

```java
Toasty.Config.getInstance()
    .tintIcon(boolean tintIcon) // optional (apply textColor also to the icon)
    .setToastTypeface(@NonNull Typeface typeface) // optional
    .setTextSize(int sizeInSp) // optional
    .allowQueue(boolean allowQueue) // optional (prevents several Toastys from queuing)
    .setRTL(boolean isRTL) // optional (icon is on the right)
    .apply(); // required
```

You can reset the configuration by using `reset()` method:

```java
Toasty.Config.reset();
```

## Usage

Each method always returns a `Toast` object, so you can customize the Toast much more. **DON'T FORGET THE `show()` METHOD!**

To display an error Toast:

``` java
Toasty.error(yourContext, "This is an error toast.", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display a success Toast:

``` java
Toasty.success(yourContext, "Success!", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display an info Toast:

``` java
Toasty.info(yourContext, "Here is some info for you.", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display a warning Toast:

``` java
Toasty.warning(yourContext, "Beware of the dog.", Toast.LENGTH_SHORT, true).show();
```
To display the usual Toast:

``` java
Toasty.normal(yourContext, "Normal toast w/o icon").show();
```
To display the usual Toast with icon:

``` java
Toasty.normal(yourContext, "Normal toast w/ icon", yourIconDrawable).show();
```

You can also create your custom Toasts with the `custom()` method:
``` java
Toasty.custom(yourContext, "I'm a custom Toast", yourIconDrawable, tintColor, duration, withIcon, 
shouldTint).show();
```
### Extra
[You can pass formatted text to Toasty!](https://github.com/GrenderG/Toasty/blob/master/app/src/main/java/es/dmoral/toastysample/MainActivity.java#L98-L107)

**There are variants of each method, feel free to explore this library.**

## Screenshots

**Please click the image below to enlarge.**

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GrenderG/Toasty/master/art/collage.png">

## Third Party Bindings

### React Native
You may now use this library with [React Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) via this [module](https://github.com/prscX/react-native-toasty).

Apps using Toasty
--

Want to be here? Open an `issue` or make a `pull request`.

<table>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cheetatech.com.colorhub"><img src="https://archive.org/download/ic_launcher_colorhub/ic_launcher_colorhub.png" width="64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cheetatech.com.colorhub">ColorHub - Color Palette</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fa.daily.free"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/rXB22UBHujsK2uYpN-kAkVFBjTcnAp6ltSZYf9-LdYvRkM-kF-xtwPwR8kEInhludA=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fa.daily.free">Daily – News flipped around</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=es.jmoral.ozreader"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ISQPSPA__uWU4Csw4N0quI0IPi_WcWN0pY4PK86yljf39vaCObvohT9ak2ubQ7iLDQ=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=es.jmoral.ozreader">Oz! Comic Reader</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.impactor"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KxzCiu-csleONAW9kfAYBCaCe4iAnhyO1ziuKjKK_yEDE0xPQMfy_-sYVYkj4RBE-Srt=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.impactor">Impactor Unroot</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.fusemounter"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/7e0iTo60TJXz6U-zQl6pXcfgRCLifQaTp_DczwNA5ZSnrEssBwH6K0MU88gC9BzQlMY=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andreacioccarelli.fusemounter">Fusemounter</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thesrb.bluewords&referrer=utm_source%3Dgithub%26utm_medium%3Dtoasty%26utm_content%3Dlogo%26utm_campaign%3Dreadme"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/gdGrQHkHsfRAY9ivf8wt9vgaX9KPxpFHdFq5AXY_zw2P8Wat3KNstvf-BkNaKrNX8Qg=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thesrb.bluewords&referrer=utm_source%3Dgithub%26utm_medium%3Dtoasty%26utm_content%3Dname%26utm_campaign%3Dreadme">BlueWords</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.levionsoftware.instagram_map"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QL0QDLXBm9j2Y2An4MOZtlbI02yx_zuI7I3vMBM_mBO_BbimNKjBQeldQBBKo0P60Og=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.levionsoftware.instagram_map">Photo Map - Photo and Video Gallery</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
        <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sunshine.makilite"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/RL082J8D9AyVJdyoT8sN8Mb47LUJEn3ssvp8jgrke_K_sWAXgEl9F8tjudqDoL7y5A0=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sunshine.makilite">Maki for Facebook & Twitter</a></td>
	</tr>
		<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.KillerBLS.modpeide"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/nyB12hF6cPHBrm532qQQslvj-X-klmPlKuQ4Z0MYKDpt4sPVZmWYRZ_SShEfVcTmhg=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.KillerBLS.modpeide">ModPE IDE</a></td>
	</tr>
		<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stream.rocketnotes"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tYGJBG8mc7lwC0ZxQUxif2FVMFI8L8xRkPON0ytkWVPTI67ggkrgDl3JpRu9jW0W3sLJ=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stream.rocketnotes">Rocket Notes</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thirtydegreesray.openhub"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/XP-tvaGf-as9XMQ3kcUjohSZlSD7uyf_AcHsjq6jTI0chXWK1yQrnJJs2Y_Pvbe1FRQ=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thirtydegreesray.openhub">OpenHub for GitHub</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openhab.habdroid"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/RhinsfPN8qFHQDyPKssmiPl4P_-JJpw7GaQO4K7TVixMjrkZsPh0NPXlL2nJRrR4PAbw=w64"/></a></td>
		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openhab.habdroid">openHAB</a></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
                <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.saarang.app"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/m683OsEgBAU15kdHOSsl-lckDPEa0bdsK2xvhq3Qs4vww-ueJnW8xY0xXfwfMV6dOyE=w64"/></a></td>
    		<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.saarang.app">Saarang</a></td>
    	</tr>
    <tr>
                <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dizdarevic.kadcemibus"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/LFUKgzu8S1V8TSLg3aiFoA7dkfUYmQg6s8lVUSPJYEkv6564UKjaUKhYcqvFMyDbSas=w64"/></a></td>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dizdarevic.kadcemibus">Kad ce mi bus - red voznje</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
            <td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katyayini.hidefiles"><img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/hq2dLHXjKoTonzE45uJKzkGfCUSSh0_IJZBnuRIyb8G_EbcpYT5_gPv942yrIKlyo12r=s64-rw"/></a></td>
        	<td><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katyayini.hidefiles">Hide Files</a></td>
        </tr>
    	<tr>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/nikothegreek/logviewer-for-openhab-app"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/a6RbPkJ.png"/></a></td>
        	<td><a href="https://github.com/nikothegreek/logviewer-for-openhab-app">LogViewer for openHAB</a></td>
        </tr>
</table>
